README.md, before:

# Gulp Workflow
### Dependencies Included
This workflow includes a `package.json` as well as a `gulpfile.js`. The `gulpfile.js` includes the following dependencies:
* gulp
* SASS
* Autoprefixer
* Concat
* Cssnano
* gulp-util
* Uglify
* Image Minifier
* Cache

### Builds
* Compiles, autoprefixes and minimizes your Scss (can easily switch to Sass or LESS)
* Uglifys and concatenates your JS
* Compresses your Images
* Moves all html files to the dist folder

### File Structure
This gulp template expects the following file structure:

```
dist/
  |- assets/
  |  |- js/
  |  |- css/
  |  |- images/
  |- index.html
source/
  |- js/
  |- css/
  |- images/
  |- index.html
gulpfile.js
packages.json
node-modules/
```
`source` includes the original files you wrote and `dist` is the destination folder for compiled files.

### Using This Template

#### Getting Setup
Clone this repository

`git clone https://github.com/breecarrick/gulp-template.git`

NPM install all dependencies within your project directory

`npm install`

#### Altering The Template to Fit Your Project
Change the name and description in the package.json. Either follow the file structure suggested or change the file paths within the package.json files.

Commit message:

Added a section for tasks to readme

README.md, after:

# Gulp Workflow
### Dependencies Included
This workflow includes a `package.json` as well as a `gulpfile.js`. The `gulpfile.js` includes the following dependencies:
* gulp
* SASS
* Autoprefixer
* Concat
* Cssnano
* gulp-util
* Uglify
* Image Minifier
* Cache

### Builds
* Compiles, autoprefixes and minimizes your Scss (can easily switch to Sass or LESS)
* Uglifys and concatenates your JS
* Compresses your Images
* Moves all html files to the dist folder

### File Structure
This gulp template expects the following file structure:

```
dist/
  |- assets/
  |  |- js/
  |  |- css/
  |  |- images/
  |- index.html
source/
  |- js/
  |- css/
  |- images/
  |- index.html
gulpfile.js
packages.json
node-modules/
```
`source` includes the original files you wrote and `dist` is the destination folder for compiled files.

### Using This Template

#### Getting Setup
Clone this repository

`git clone https://github.com/breecarrick/gulp-template.git`

NPM install all dependencies within your project directory

`npm install`

#### Running Tasks
To run all tasks on save run gulp

`gulp`

To build sass

`build-css`

to build javascript

`build-js`

the compress images

`images`

to move html files

`copyHtml`

#### Altering The Template to Fit Your Project
Change the name and description in the package.json. Either follow the file structure suggested or change the file paths within the package.json files.
